 [1] "Susie was a brilliant host; responsive, timely, and made us feel welcome in her cosy apartment. The apartment itself is well lit, equipped with great wi-fi, and has great views of both the harbour and adjacent park. Regarding the location - I couldn't think of a more beautiful place to stay in Sydney. Highly recommended."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 [2] "Great place to stay if you want to be right in the heart of Seminyak. Restaurants, bars, and beaches are all within walking distance. There is a really great pool (shared with other guests) and the area is relatively quiet given its location. The lower bedroom does not have A/C or a mosquito net, but the upper bedroom had both. The kitchen and bathroom are very minimal - there was no filtered water and the toilet did work. We'd still recommend this place given its location and beautiful pool area."                                              
 [3] "Great spot to explore all that Noosa and surrounds have to offer but with enough distance to feel the serenity of the area as well. Beautiful views to sit and admire. Sabine and Jason go out of their way to make you feel welcome"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [4] "Ayako was very welcoming and sweet. She met us at the train station and walked us back to her apartment. The room was very nice and Ayako left tasty snacks for us. Overall, we had a great time!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [5] "Good location. Right next to free shuttle route to Gondola. Two beds and a pull out. Nice and clean two bathrooms. Cable television, Playstation, Apple TV and some board games provided. Only thing to consider is the walls are thins, as are the floors and this is a bottom unit. Thus, you will hear every footstep of your neighbors. Just to consider if you are a light sleeper. Otherwise fantastic unit."                                                                                                                                                  
 [6] "Great host, clean house, adorable cats! I really enjoyed my stay at Cath\x92s place!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [7] "This house is perfect! The best part is that I can see the rainbow bridge and the harbor all the time. The house is big enough and the bathroom is really big. Of course the room is really clean and organized. The whole building is like a fancy hotel, there are security staff 24hours, so it's safe. About the traffic, the nearest station is tamachi and mita ,and it's only takes 10mins to get to Tokyo station or shibuya, and the Tokyo tower is also in a walking distance. The host Joe is really nice and kind,hope I have another chance to go back."
 [8] "Tara and her crews, are nice girls, smart and friendly, I will glad to host them again."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "Hi! Prae and Friend, Did you go back home safely? Thank you for your staying. You are kindly and friendly. The room has used very clean. I hope to see you again. Thanks! Jason :-))"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[10] "It was an excellent stay during my five month contract work in Helsinki. 2 trams (3 min walk) that goes to west and east side of the city center, numerous buses within 3-5 min walk, and a taxi stand at the corner of the next block. Kitchen had everything I needed, and getting an own sauna is an unbelievable experience for a long term visitors like me. Niklas and his family are very nice and welcoming! I highly recommend staying in this flat."                                                                                                       
[11] "Very nice apartment in convenient location. Worth staying at!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[12] "Location was perfect for North Fremantle. Sandy accommodated our arrival time to suit us. room and facilities were as described with full access ro kitchen and private bathroom. all in all a great experience."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[13] "I and my 11 friends stayed here for the New Year. The place is very cozy and is 5 minutes from the secluded Bogmalo Beach."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[14] "Super Airbnb Guest A+++! Clean and Respectful! A Pleasure To Be Your Host. Highly recommended."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[15] "Beautiful Villa, well done up according to the age of the building. Clean, spacious and well maintained. Hard working staff ( Eden, Resha, Jatin, Ajay) and the chef (Shanta) makes good flavoursome food. Great place to enjoy family time and rest up. A bit far away from the happening spots/ Beaches of Goa ( but you know that when you book), advise to hire a 2/4 wheeler for your day to day touring. We saw some wildlife too in the morning viz Heron, otters, crane and various other small birds."                                                      
[16] "Susanna's apartment was exactly as in photos, really nice and quite stylish. Susanna went above and beyond to accommodate us, especially as it was last minute and the holiday period. We really appreciate it. A very good host, great communication, very easy and really nice messages. We can highly recommend Susanna's comfortable homely place, and if we were to return, it would be our first choice."                                                                                                                                                      
[17] "Supernice stay with Adnans cousin, they are both very helpful in anyway and shows true hospitality. The flat had everything we needed, the only small minus was the distance to walk to the city center. But overall, a pleasant stay! Would recommend it to anyone!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[18] "I couldn't host Guy dye to some technical issues, I made sure to accommodate him in good place and let them to stay at my neighbour /friend's place. Thanks for understanding. They have been very nice"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[19] "We stayed there over the weekend to attend a new year concert in du arena. This was the closest apartment, around 15-20 minutes by car."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[20] "With a rental car, the drive to Fira, Kamari or anywhere is a comfortable 20mins, and you get privacy. Clean, and the heating keeps the place warm even in the winter. Good value." 