 [1] "We had no mains water for our 28 day stay but the water supply was available. The apartment is in a block of 12 in a field standing on it's own, every person in the apartments where Russian including the caretaker, who, when twice I reported the water problem she just shut the door in my face. I bought a garden hose and siphoned water into our empty water tank from a neighbours tank to avoid having no water. The bathroom flooded when taking a shower, causing my wife to slip and hurt her leg. I bought silicone sealer and a sealer gun to fix the problem. Only Russian programs on TV and no DVD player. No air-conditioning or fan in the bedroom, during our stay the temperature was averaging 35c, all the apartment outside walls had sun going on them all day making it impossible to sleep at night. I have given a full report direct to Airbnb to the manager Rory B. adding photographs."                                                                                                         
 [2] "N\xf3s n\xe3o voltar\xedamos mais a essa casa porque me desculpe, estava muito suja, banheiro sujo e empoeirado, toalhas muito velhas e n\xe3o pareciam bem lavadas porque ao se secar depois do banho, tinham cheiro ruim, o ch\xe3o estava muito sujo e n\xe3o parecia que foi limpado para nossa chegada, nem tampouco a geladeira que estava com muito gelo e comidas velhas. A limpeza precisa ser total entre uma hospedagem e outra, a casa n\xe3o foi limpada. O pior foi o barulho dos vizinhos de cima, que n\xe3o nos deixaram dormir nenhuma das quatro noites que estivemos ali. Uma noite uma mulher gemendo sem parar que dava nojo, as demais ligavam m\xe1quinas depois das onze horas da noite e m\xfasica, e falando alto. At\xe9 duas ou tr\xeas horas da manh\xe3. Detestamos a hospedagem e foi a pior at\xe9 hoje. Os propriet\xe1rios deixaram v\xe1rias instru\xe7\xf5es sobre a chegada e foram flex\xedveis e atenciosos com o hor\xe1rio da chegada, por\xe9m falam pouco ingl\xeas o que dificulta um... <truncated>
 [3] "They appeared to be nice, but I was disappointed appointed in their failure to communicate in person while they were here, and instead chose to use the internet. Hi Frank, sorry you were disappointed. We were in town for our mums 80th birthday celebrations so we were quite busy and we actually checked out early the next morning because we didn't want the very low pressured cold shower provided. ( We actually checked in else where and didn't want to complain, but i needed to be able to wash and rinse my hair) Unfortunately you weren't home when we left, therefore we had no choice but to message via airbnb. Again Im sorry you were disappointed, but we were really there for several events and didnt have time to socialise even with our friends who live in Grosse Pointe."                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [4] "These people seems to be nice people ! They were 4 persons and they used all the beds, 10 beds !!! They left their garbagge in the laundry basket !!!! Terrible !!! The host contacted me accusing for the damages we made by staying. I have already paid as the whole story stressed me a lot but I find unfair of him to have accusing me for what I have not done. He never sent me any photos(it seems like he didn't even see it by himself) nor an invoice of what has costed him for the damage. The Host says: 1) The garbage left in the apartment despite the instruction 2) The wooden floor is marked because of the garbage leaking and it smells very bad 3) The dishes were put back but dirty 4) The teppanyaki was used 5) The pan was burnt and full of burnt oil 6) All 7 beds used for just 4 people. My arguments are: 1) I didn\x92t realize the instruction till I left. So I am sorry about this. 2) The same as above. 3) I washed the dishes. 4) I did NOT use the teppanyaki(We used the raclet machin... <truncated>
 [5] "HELL HOLE is the name we would like to give Situ's apartment. It is filthy , unhygienic smelly and very very dated. Do not go by the images loaded on the website as they are at least 10 years old and everything is falling apart. The electrical sockets are taped to the wall with sellotape and very dangerous and hazardous. Also a fire risk. The Kitchen has very few amenities and is fuul of grease and smelly. My wife refused to go back in the kitchen and didn't want to use even a glass for drinking water as it was stuck to the surface with grease. the kitchen cupboards had debris and dust everywhere. We left after ONE day after paying for 23 days. It was that bad. Please see the 30 odd images I have loaded . Mr Tony Bajaj is an Indian who booked my apt from London where he is staying. He booked my apt thinking it would have an elevator ( since it is a walk up to 2nd floor ) My website clearly mentions that THERE IS NO ELEVATOR & that it is an old apt refurbished making it look comfo... <truncated>
 [6] "First an apartment was reserved for 2 but they were 8 with a dog ! so i kindly advised that the price will be different then everything became very complicated from that moment. At her arrival she couldnt open the door because she was just turning the key in the wrong way, but was very upset. then she called us to complain about the lack of parking in lisbon and the temperature inside the apartment (25 degrees in Lisbon oustide at this time)! She imediatly ordered to warm the apartment for 4 days before she will coming back, and In a hurry we went there to switch on all the heathers to the maximum. 4 days later she decided to resign. In 3 years and 300 booking we never faced such a strange behaviour and we still don t understand what this lady willing to. I wrote to Estelle from the beginning how many we were in our family and that the extras for each person was never a problem with me.Even if Estelle want that to be the problem it was never a problem for us. Estelle refuse to un... <truncated>
 [7] "Bedsheet had blood stains , bathroom was dirty Photos showed a room divider, when it was a cloth curtain in reality. People kept moving around the house until after midnight making sleep very difficult. Listing did not mention that I would be sharing the room with 2 different groups of people. The host was not present at any time. This was not mentioned on the listing, that the house would be occupied by complete strangers with no presence of the host. I had confirmd the time of my late check in with the host Tina at the time of booking, she had replied saying it is no problem. However at the time of the check in I could not find the house as it was dark and tried contacting her via text, phone and email several times, but did not receive a reply. It was very scary to be lost in an unfamiliar neighborhood with zero contact with the host at 10.30 pm at night. This lead to considerable distress. After about 1 hour Tina messaged further directions to her house saying that \"she did ... <truncated>
 [8] "Worst experience ever! 1. It's a long way from subway station to get there,about 10-minute climbing way,it's really exhausting and too much trouble.And the owner doesn't mention it. 2. When we arrived,the room is nothing like the photo, the photo is really cheating. The room is small and seriously stinks,everything is old and dirty.And we noticed there's only one bed sheet there,we assumed that it never change. 3.The cleaning lady did not come,so when we arrived,besides above,the room is even worse,literally a disaster:rubbish still there,hair all around floor\x85 4. Now comes best part,I couldn't reach the owner.He did not respond message,when I called,the number doesn't even exsit!!! We didn't get reached until late that night.And he did not apologize or make up a little. 5.Above all,treasure your life,don't live here ???????????????? 1.??????????,????????????????,?????????? 2.??????????????????????,????????,?????,????,?????????????????,??????,?????????????????????(????????) 3.... <truncated>
 [9] "Lamentablemente tuve una muy mala experiencia. Yo alquil\xe9 una estad\xeda larga, entonces le ped\xed a los due\xf1os que me dej\xe9n hacer dos viajes. Vino la chica de confianza de ellos, y se rob\xf3 todo lo que yo hab\xeda dejado para llevarme en la segunda vuelta. No puedo recomendarlos. Estuvo todo bien, salvo el \xfaltimo episodio, del cual no se hicieron cargo. Me llevo dos bolsos, aparatos el\xe9ctronicos, cuando hab\xeda avisado que ten\xeda dos viajes que hacer para poder mudar todo. Lamentablemente no esperaron y se llevaron todo. No lo recomiendo para nada por mi muy mala experiencia con esto. Hola Valeria, Your evaluation is biased due to the unfortunate problem you had on check-out. It doesn\xb4t reflect the whole month you enjoyed in the flat. As people can read in the other evaluations, it is the first time ever we have a bad comment from a guest. We have always been respectful with everyone, and if there was a problem, we have done everything to sort it out. Thi... <truncated>
[10] "Horrible stay! The pictures are not like the apartment. The apartment is old, dirty and the restroom disgusting! (They even left an old, dirty and used bar of (URL HIDDEN) to use !) The address of the location is not accurate, we were lost for 2 hours since the entrance is in another street. When we called for help Helen was EXTREMELY rude, yelled at us for.being late when ee were lost due to their lack of honesty and accuracy and even hung up the call before it ended. I would NOT recommend it at all. Horrible experience, not worth the price. Rosy had warned us that she was arriving early and wished for an early check-in. Unfortunately there were guests in the apartment and we gave him permission to arrive at noon to leave her luggage. At noon Rosy was not at the rendezvous, we tried to call her for 4 hours without news from her. Finally around 5 pm Rosy arrived. The truth is that Rosy preferred to visit Paris all day without warning us !!!!! On arrival no excuses: this is very p... <truncated>
[11] "??????,????????????,????,???????,?????????????,??????????????(????????)??????????????,????????????????1200USD ????????1200USD???????,????????????,?????????,????????????? Our home is immaculate ...we have over 50 5 star reviews. Look at the other review for this guest...he should be banned from airbnb. He made a massive mess, broke a bed ruined kitchen counters...left all of the doors wide open top off spa. Worst guest ever do not go near this guy!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[12] "My stay in Jorge's place did not start as one might expect. Jorge answered my request fast and pre-approved me. However, after I paid the money, I stopped receiving any reply from Jorge. I was in a conference and only had my cellphone. But somehow, I cannot see Jorge's address from my cellphone. I sent messages, emails and text; but no answer. Finally, I had to call him when I was in the airport, still not knowing the address. We couldnot communicate. I don't speak Spanish and he doesn\x92t understand English. Right after the call I (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN)-translated my question to Spanish and sent a text once more. I waited for 30 minutes but still no answer. I was about to board and desperate. I had to call Airbnb helpline, who was very friendly. They were shocked to hear what happened and they found me the address. Jorge met me downstairs when I arrived. Again, no communication because of language. The room is not new but looks like the photo, with one more magazine on 'th... <truncated>
[13] "Unfortunately it was my first unsuccessful hosting via airbnb with damage during those years. It would be still ok, because anything could happen to anyone, but the least nice thing was that Tullio didn't even tried to figure out the problem, from his first message he was only rejecting the issue, denying and saying that he has no idea what I am talking about, but even not asking what particularly happened and what exactly was broken (which bed). When I told him which bed, he answered, that he lied only on one side of it and in a night he is barely moving. The nastiest sentence was: \"try it with other guests\". So even Tulio is denying he broke the bed, and even if he wouldn't broke it, unfortunately I can not write him a good review, because he was rude, arrogant and didn't even try to collaborate to clear up the issue. Finally I ordered a new bed. (By the way, my guests, who stayed after Tullio faced this broken bed and could prove)."                                           
[14] "The apartment is cosy and the location very convenient. We had some issues with key pickup due to poor communication and incorrect phone number on the listing. I emailed a few days before arrival enquiring about final arrangements for pickup and the email was responded to only on the day of our arrival when we were travelling. Voice message and texts left to the phone number on the site were unanswered since the number listed was wrong, told it was the roomate's number. There were no clean sheets & towels on the day of our arrival. Kevin was to come in later to provide and make up the bed. When we got to the apartment that evening the sheets were not changed, and there were no clean sheets & towels. Contacted him to find out where we could find clean sheets and towels. He told us that he had no clean sheets & towels at all since he had not had a chance to do a wash. Although it was already late in the evening, we had to get back to our daughter to borrow sheets and towels. Kevin ... <truncated>
[15] "I had a rather shocking experience here. Apart the difficulty of getting in touch with Charlie, and the fact the apartment was not exactly clean and in order (a distinctive smell of dust; shoes both at the entrance and close to the bedroom...) the real problem happened in my last night there. When I got in the apartment after midnight, I found two men in slips which were sleeping deeply in the guest room. Considering I rented the whole apartment, I was in doubt if calling the police or going out of the apartment in the night..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[16] "Hosting Giannina and her family hasn't been a great deal. They left the apartment in very bad condition. There were leftovers everywhere, cereals in the sink... But what most annoyed us is that they brought the keys with them in Uk. Apparently they have sent the keys back to us two weeks ago but we still haven't received them. None of this would have happened if the person the host sent on his behalf had given us the right information. He wrote to me and said we should check out by 1PM. Well it turns out that at 11:30 AM housekeeping appeared at the apartment (they entered with their own key) and said they had to clean right away. We didn't complain and understood there had been a confusion. We (my two children and I) finished packing in a hurry and waited outside the apartment with our luggage while my husband went to grab a cab a few blocks away. So there was no time for cleaning the cereal in the sink - sorry. Also by that time four people were already inside the apartment. Th... <truncated>
[17] "Stuff, Noise & Attitude It is disappointing that people are not always objective when they review a place on Airbnb and tend to do a quick brush job. This is a big disservice to others who rely on these reviews to choose their place to stay. This listing has one of the best reviews and a star for the host (whatever that is worth). Here is my experience having stayed 7 nights. I will list the many flaws: 1. Titas has a big, unresponsive attitude. Once the booking and payment was made, he stopped responding to my emails both before checking in and after. It was difficult to contact his brother Lukas on the phone since he was asleep most of the time. 2. The flat is a typical bachelor's pad and was not clean when I arrived. The linen and pillows on the bed were unkempt and there was dust. There was stuff stored to the hilt in all closets and drawers. The coffee pot was broken and there was a crack on the mirror of one of the closets (very bad feng shui). 3. The washer and dryer are s... <truncated>
[18] "The apartment was every bit as pretty in real life as in the pictures but there were numerous problems, most having to do with the highly unpleasant landlady. If anything didn't work as expected, it was my fault. She said she provided internet, but it was only up now and then ad at best up for 30 mins total. I got so frustrated trying to work with her ridiculous wifi base that I wen to Vodafhone and bought y own wifi base station--cos of $200 with really made me angry. But, hey I could stream my content at last. Every issue that came up was my fault, no cold water at kitchen sink--my stupidity for to knowin to turn some mysterious \"key\" under door. The month of July was Tornion's hottest longest period and it was unbearable. Landlady said heat didn't bother her, why did i need a fan>"                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[19] "I'm sorry to say that we had an extremely unpleasant & stressful time staying with & dealing with the host and we would not recommend her. The property is advertised with heating & a swimming pool listed as amenities - both of these were not available during our stay and the host was very rude when we asked about these. One of the main reasons why we selected this property was because of the pool. When we arrived, we found the pool extremely dirty with leaves, insects, frogs etc. We were told that she hadn\x92t had a chance to clean it because of poor weather prior to our arrival. We stayed at the property for 7 nights, but the host refused to have it cleaned & again was extremely rude when we tried to discuss it. Also, we were travelling with a 5 month old baby & we had a few cold nights/mornings where we could have done with some / any form of heating in the house, but again we were refused rudely and told that it wasn\x92t cold enough for the heating. We were asked to use extr... <truncated>
[20] "Luc was unfortunately a bad experience. He booked for 2 and then showed up with 3 people. They left the house a mess. There was even blood on the floor. They broke my the switch on the fan which unfortunately was not fixable so I have to replace the whole fan. When I ask him for the $200 to fix the problem he refused and sent me a nasty email that made personal attacks against me and threatened to report me to the city to my land lord etc etc on top of all that he then made rude personal remarks attacking my character and then wished me a Merry Christmas. VERY SAD AND NEGATIVE EXPERIENCE WITH THIS PERSON..HOST AT YUR OWN RISK!"  