 [1] "It is located in London's Southbank. It is very close to the Waterloo underground station, and you can easily get to some of the major landmarks within a short walk. The room is very well located. Some of the negatives from this stay were: room felt crammed and stuffy. Personal belongings from the host were everywhere in the room and closet, which meant I couldn't unpack my clothes. Toiletries were not available for guest. Bathroom also had a lot of personal belongings, and made it feel like I was invading someone's personal space. Some of the positives of this stay were: Camille's prompt communication and friendliness. Room's location. Nice touch from the host to leave a bottle of prosecco and a cup of assorted nuts to celebrate the New Year. Andres, Thank you for your feedback. As a airbnb it is expected to find personal belongings from the host, as we live in the apartment. Nevertheless my personal belongings were in the wardrobe, and in the proper shelve and extremely ordered... <truncated>
 [2] "Todd was a perfect host. He was there to welcome me and shared his parking area. I never needed my car since the area had much to be able to walk to. He supplied a beach chair and towel, and even offered use of his washer/dryer if I needed it. His place is spotless and friendly. I would definitely recommend his accommodation. Perfect and safe for a single woman or couple."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [3] "Cate is a very welcoming host and her house is just as described by her. The room itself is very small, but that wasn't a problem for both of us at all, as we only made use of it for sleeping. It was easy to access and overall it was a great journey on Hogmanay."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [4] "Nice place to stay. For the price I would have liked more to be included in Essentials- such as shampoo, conditioner, laundry detergent, as we had to buy these. In my past Airbnb places these were all included as Essentials. On the plus side, very great location, central but quiet in the building and apartment, and Clare is easy to communicate with and flexible with check out. Thanks Clare!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [5] "We had a lovely stay at Signe's apartment. We were welcomed by her roommate Maria who was very helpful and full of good recommendations. The room is cosy and warm. Overall a great place to discover the city. Thanks!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 [6] "No host just an agent who was not very good. Lovely towels and linen."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "it is a nice and clean apartment with everything you need to feel good. A grocery shop is close and its not very far to the mountains for skiing or hiking. We had a very good time here. Nadia, her brother and her dad are very friendly."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [8] "Angela is a great host. She made herself available for questions, etc. We ran into some issues with our arrival time and she accommodated us until we arrived safely at her apartment (later than expected arrival). She gave us a tour of the apartment and explained how everything worked (i.e. washing machine among other things). The flat is fully equipped and probably the cleanest Airbnb I have stayed in. Fresh towels and linens provided. Although it is not too close to the main London attractions it is not not an issue as transit is very good there including cabs, Uber (just make sure you give the driver the proper postal code). I would stay with Angela again next time!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 [9] "This place is wonderful ... The place is cosy, inviting, homely and everything you would want whilst visiting Paris ... a great base. It's in the most beautiful area of Paris, the local area is vibrant and artistic. The hosts were accommodating and everything you could wish for."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[10] "Kalam is a nice person. he responded whenever is needed. the place was quite and comfortable . the area were very active area in zone 3 three of London. the neighborhood was full of restaurants and shops. most of them are Halal shops which is quite good especially for Muslim people . Happy to host Shahryar again"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[11] "Kalam is a very good host, receptive and very welcoming. His home is close to public transport. This is a quiet place and I will definitely return ! Nice couple and happy to host them again"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[12] "Jolie's appartment is at the heart of Milan. 10 minutes walking from the naviglio, the Duomo place or even less to the Colonne di San Lorenzo. We had a very pleasant experience and Jolie took the time to call me when we arrived."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[13] "Our stay in Angela's Mini Apartment was great. It is quiete small, but it has all you need for some great days in Hamburg. The neighborhood is very quiet with great restaurants. Public transportation also is only a few minutes away which makes it easy to explore the city. I would definitely recommend to stay with Angela. Unfortunately, we did not have the chance to meet her in person, but communication was uncomplicated."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[14] "Nice week end but the room is a little bit small for 3 persons and it's too bad that we can't use the kitchen during the day to cook something (only for the breakfast). Then, we asked for some informations about the city to visit and we hadn't have it because he didn't know.. Thanks again, we enjoyed there :)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[15] "I have stayed in this place for six nights. The check in was so easy and the owner was so nice. The first night I had an issue with the boiler it didn't work and I stayed the first 1 or 2 days without hot water. The owner tried his best to fix it and he did eventually. The next day I had an issue with the A/C, unfortunately this couldn't be fixed for some reason! There was an issue with lights where it used to switch off consistently even when I was taking a shower!!, tbh it caused me a huge un satisfaction. Without being said. The owner was really nice with me and he was trying his best to sort everything out, he was there every time I contacted him . Everything was ok except the issues I faced, the location was perfect."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[16] "I recommend Bob's apartments for all of you travelers. It's only 100 meters from Copacabana beach. Amazing place to go for fun!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[17] "Jacob was a very welcoming host and the apartment is just as advertised. A short walk to both metro and supermarket. Very safe, clean and accessible."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[18] "We were SUPER lucky to find Ruthy's place in Gent for our New Years weekend! Ruthy made us feel very welcome, allowing us to drop our bags off early and setting her apartment up beautifully with lovely little extras throughout it. Her place was perfect - in an excellent location, close to everything but not too close - making it a very enjoyable and relaxing location. It was also very spacious and clean, with two great bedrooms, one with an ensuite and the other with it's own bathroom and toilet. The kitchen and bathrooms were equip with everything you need - from body wash and shampoo/conditioner to all the cooking utensils and a dishwasher. Ruthy was very forthcoming with suggestions of places to go and things to do, so that we could make the most out of our visit to the gorgeous city of Gent. We highly recommend you stay here if you're considering visiting Gent - which is a must! How kind of you for me it was a real pleasure and priveledge to host you and your lovely family es... <truncated>
[19] "The place is really nice, well located near a bus stop (3 min walking) and near the center of Lisbon, Alexander was very nice with us, he was always helping us with any doubt we had. Alexander is so friendly!!! And his house is beautiful and very clean!! I totally recommend to stay at Alexander's house!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[20] "A really nice big house, super close to the beach. Philippe was nice enough to leave us thier Christmas tree for our new year celebration. A great patio - I would love to be there in the summer to have my coffee there every morning. Everything needed in the kitchen was available. There was just one of the radiators that was leaking in one of the rooms but this is easily fixable. Overall we had a great stay, thank you!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[21] "The appartment is very good, at 15 minutes in walk of the center!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[22] "We appeciate the great stay and Johannes is a great host.He is always helpful and friendly.If we have a chance to travel to London again,I would choose this place,with convenient transporation,and nice view around."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[23] "Very nice flat. Spacious, bright, well decorated and with all the things you need. Perfect for a family. And the piano experience was great for the kids!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[24] "Great place. Ken was very helpful and flexible on time. Would definitely consider staying again at one of his places."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[25] "Jonathan is wonderful person. Apartment was prepped better than I expected. Location is perfect. I can recommended"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[26] "My first ever experience with Airbnb and it has been a great one. During the check-in we noticed that there was a bit lack of toiletpaper, Ruthy, as fast as she could, arranged this for us. She was always available for questions with a quick respond. We asked her if it would be possible to check-out a bit later than what we agreed on in the beginning which was not a problem for her. I would recommend this place to anyone as I told Ruthy for me the place is even more spatious and bigger than on the picture. The location is absolutely top. Far enough from all the noise but still so close to the city center to reach it within 3 mins. Great Airbnb accomodation !"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[27] "All receptionists were wery hospitable. Great location . I will likely visit again in summer"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[28] "It's a nice place to stay in Paris."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[29] "Great location, great host, awesome city! 100% recommended!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[30] "Nice and cosy place to visit Antwerp."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[31] "Great location, 3mins to town centre. The host is very nice and helpful. The place is clean and has everything you probably need."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[32] "Great Airbnb, I didn't actually get to meet Liz but the room was very clean and modern, the location is great and Liz went out of her way to get the keys to the place to me when my schedule got a little messed up. Would definitely recommend a stay with Liz"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[33] "This flat was very convenient to the Arc de Triomphe, metro, Champs de Eleeys and great restaurants! The flat was perfectly outfitted, clean, and comfortable. Our trip was awesome. This is a residential area without a view but the building was very nice."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[34] "We stayed at the apartment for four nights. The apartment is situated in the old city and within walking distance from the center of Warsaw. There are restaurants and good cafeterias very near the apartment or within easy walking distance. Kama and her father are excellent people, easy to get along with and always helpful. We had an excellent stay and if we ever visit Warsaw again, we will definitely stay with them again."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[35] "Sarah has a lovely apartment well situated in Hove. A short walk to the sea and close to public transport. Communicating with Sarah was easy and she was very helpful. We stayed in the apartment for 30 days and thoroughly enjoyed out time there."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[36] "Words cannot explain the man / the legend... The Charlie experience. From the minute I walked in, he made me feel more like a little brother than a guest. Everything else is just a cherry on top of an already decadent hot fudge sundae, haha... Everything was perfection. The room (hell, the entire flat!). The location. Even the bloody cold and rainy weather added to the charm. Thanks again for everything Charlie. YOU'RE THE TITS MAN! Hugs :-)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[37] "Lovely host and city - I would recommend."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[38] "Our stay at Lilli's was really nice. The area is very quiet and it's easy to get to and from the city center (45-60 min via the Tube with 10 minutes walk to the station). The room in the garden is very cozy but a bit small for 2 people staying for a week as we didn't have room for our suitcases (we left them inside the leaving area in the house. No big deal). Wifi was great (very important) and there is a TV, DVD and a small fridge in the room, which is great. Lilli and Rehan were very nice and helped us with tips and information about transportation and places we should visit. We would highly recommend on booking with Lillie."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[39] "Great place to stay with lovely people. We arrived and Natasha greeted us and showed us round. The fridge was stocked with breakfast items, wine/beer and there was a card and chocolates too (all completely unexpected). We had explained that we had come to visit Allendale for the NYE tar barrels - Clive, Natasha's husband, actually drove us to the event after giving us a lift to and from the restaurant the previous night. The accommodation was spotless, the bathroom large with a powerful shower and the king size bed was super comfy. The house is in a beautiful location surrounded by countryside and is so peaceful. Beautiful accommodation and couldn't have wished for better hosts. 100% would recommend."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[40] "Booked this on behalf of friends. Paul was an absolute gent and I would have no issue using his place again or recommending to others."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[41] "Paul has been excellent in communication both before and during his stay, left a really tidy house, definitely recommend!"  