 [1] "This is an amazing room. It is on the interior loop of the building, so it is nice an quiet. The room was beautiful with a comfortable bed and very nice bathroom. Room had an espresso machine, and the host provided some nice treats like bottled water, espresso pods, breakfast items, and cookies. Room had ice cold A/C which was nice in the hot weather. Host was extremely accommodating and arranged travel from the train station and to the airport at a good price. The view from the rooftop patio is breathtaking. Can't beat the view of St. Peter's basilica at night! This is the best experience I have had with Air BnB yet."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [2] "A good place. Currently, a 4.5/5, in my subjective opinion. - Quite cold in the autumn period (when there's no central heating on yet but the weather is chilly already). The cold in the apartment was borderline annoying at 12-16 degrees Celsious outside. It's not right that the most comfortable place in the apartment is the bathroom where there is floor heating. - The description/communication could have emphasized more strongly that there are workers (and potential noise) across the street (and at the time of my stay in the same building) which may or may not impact your comfort. On Saturday noon I think it was for a few hours quite noisy with drilling and construction going on. But then the noise stopped, luckily. - Some design details look old and are better to be replaced. - It took me a few minutesto figure out how to close the balcony door properly. - I found a 1 mm layer of old dust on the bed frame right above the pillows. - Quite an outdated TV (for me personally) with o... <truncated>
 [3] "Really enjoyed my stay at this hidden gem. The room was rustic but very clean. The room has an amazing view with a short walk to a view of the ocean. There is a communal kitchen, bathroom and laundry room that were also kept very clean. Marianna was extremely nice and accommodating. The bed was very comfortable and clean. I would definitely stay here again. Thank you Brandon. Please come back again!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [4] "The cottage was beyond expectations and absolutely gorgeous. The milky way shone brightly at night, the garden grounds and birds chirped cheerily at the back, the comfortable bed was a refuge for dreams and the gorgeous bath a relaxation space in the warm bathroom. Every little detail has been thought through...including the delicious fresh bread! An incredible place to stay."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 [5] "It is an excellent two bedroom apt. Each bedroom has a lot of privacy. One bathroom and an open kitchen-living room. The location cannot be better, it is safe, a lot of nightlife during the weekend and connected to everywhere through the F or M subway. A lot of 24hr open places to buy food, grocery stores and laundries nearby. A lot pf restaurants in Little Italy just a few blocks away."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [6] "The whole apartment is very clean and bright; the room is exactly like in a picture: bright and cosy; Good location: tram and bus stations are near; there's also beautiful park in two steps from home. Definitely staying here was the best choice, next time i'll go to Lodz, i know where to stay. Also, Rosa helped me at the first day when i had difficulties with finding the place for what i'm infinite thankful! :)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [7] "Very cute place attached to house. Watching the chickens was truly a highlight. Given that the room is attached to the house, there was some noise audible through the wall (nothing outside of normal waking hours). Stovetop was a little scary to use, ended up just using microwave to heat water. Space heater provided warmed room nicely. Bed was super soft and comfortable, also a highlight. Was nice to meet Cathy in the evening, appreciated the muffins and apples."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [8] "A nice apartment. Very close to the beach. The bus station is on the next corner. Perfekt apartment for couples or little families. The apartment is in the 5. Floor,but it doesn't matter. There is a little nice balcony to the street. I would recommend this apartment every time!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 [9] "The apartment was large and faultless and the standard of cleaning top class. Minor and I mean minor problem was the boiler pilot light blew out so no hot water but a box of matches the next day soon resolved that . For me as I do like plenty of sun the patio area is too shaded and gets no sun on it at all but for a local I could see that as a benefit. Overall a very relaxing holiday in a spotless apartment... thanks"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[10] "This is an excellent apartment, two floors, two rooms upstairs,one with a double bed, one with two beds, spacious and comfortable, fully equipped kitchen and bathroom, there is a swimming pool down stairs. The rooms both facing the sea, so beautiful! 5 minutes walk along the coast line to reach the port, near the station bus and train directly to Barcelona, very convenient. The host is very warm and friendly! Next come to Barcelona, I hope to live here again!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[11] "I stayed at Cristy's apartment for 3 nights and was absolutely amazing besides the noise from the construction going on next door. Other than that, all was perfect. The apartment looks just like the picture. The bed is comfortable, the bean bag sofa was mean - made me didn't want to go outside the apartment and spent all day being lazy on it. Definitely will come back to this place next time. Thank you for the review of my apartment which is all correct except for the comment about noise. There is no construction site next door to my apartment. The house next door was having tiling work done during the time of Priska's stay, so during the day there was the sound of an electric tile cutter..Generally the area is very quiet especially at night and normally people are not spending the day in the apartment but out shopping, eating or at the beach..."                                                                                                                                        
[12] "We arrived at night but the neighborhood looked nice and seemed close to attractions. The room is on the second floor, and the main level apartment is above a (URL HIDDEN) to get the room you'll need to hike two stairs. There is a large bed, dresser, closet and a dining room chair in the room -- serviceable for sleeping but not ideal for hanging out. The bathroom has a walk in shower and is spotless."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
[13] "The house is perfectly situated near the beach. There is an amazing view towards the best beach of the south of Sardegna .The house is divided into two parts whereas one part does not belong to the property and is going to be restructured in the near future and the other consists of kitchen sleeping and bathroom One additional sleeping room at the first floor but it's not completely separate because it's on the mezzanine .The host are very kind and friendly. Everything was clean, spacious garden . The house is very basic furnished , sunbeds would have been a nice add on. Little bit annoying - plenty of insects in the outside area."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[14] "This is a luxurious apartment and a wonderful base to spend a night or more in Split. While small the apartment is well laid-out, with a dinning nook, bathroom, and bed. It is located inside the palace walls and is along narrow streets and above noisy shops and bars, however the excellent windows helped kept the apartment quite. The rich colors and warm hues and ultra comfortable bed (plus a great shower) make the studio apartment a cozy place to relax and return to after a day of sightseeing."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[15] "Apartment match the photos, but it was pretty dirty in it. In the refrigerator spoiled food left from previous tenants. Disgusting pillows on the bed. Aymen polite and helpful, but it does not compensate the disgusting condition of the apartment. On the kitchen is very old utensils, electric kettle all dirty and rusty - to drink from it would not be desirable."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[16] "Nice apartment, good neighborhood. Some basic items were not prepared or missing: towels, bath mat, waste basket bags. David was fairly responsive. L.A. was having a heat wave, and the apt was hot, but there was a small fan for the main room and the bedrooms each had a window aircon, which helped a lot."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[17] "The views from this apartment were spectacular!!! Initially, I was worried since it wasn't located in Miraflores. However, it's about 10 minutes from Miraflores by car or taxi. The apartment is within a gated community, so security isn't an issue. Alex, the host, and Benito, the building's Porter where accesible and very helpful. The amenities within the apartment were up to American standards. The beds were comfortable, the furniture was nice, the kitchen and bathrooms met all needs. I also used the washer and dryer and the Wifi worked very well. I travel to Peru about 3 times per year and I plan to stay here on all of my future visits. My only recommendation for Alex is to possibly add TV's in the 2nd and 3rd bedrooms. Also, additional bath towels would be nice for longer rentals. I unequivocally recommend this apartment!!!"                                                                                                                                                            
[18] "Great view from the balcony of the Mediterranean! Apartment is compact but nice. Garage parking would not be good for large vehicles, my medium-size car was a tight fit but worked okay. Loved the huge balcony -- both lounging and patio furniture with a large umbrella if the sun is too intense -- spent quite a bit of time out there enjoying the view. My Sat/Nav had issues with the \"bis\" finding the apartment but Audrey was nice enough to come find me -- once you know where it is it's easy. Quiet, residential area, it's a long walk to any stores/restaurants -- recommend a vehicle. Recommend -- would stay again if in Nice."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[19] "Host very welcoming - apparently we were upgraded from a private room with bathroom to entire apartment. Given the apartment is only 1 bedroom I'm not sure how this situation would normally work? Bathroom needs shower curtain - as bathroom floor was always very wet due to old/inconsistent shower head. Shower pressure shocking. More kitchen amenities required - cutlery, bottle opener. Flat in a good location. Cute town. Lovely host - very responsive."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[20] "David apologised that the apartment was not ready when we arrived. Dropped out bags and went for a beer. Came back later to a place that smelled of strong cleaning agents. Nor aired out. A bad start. TV was broken, the garden area filthy, upstairs shower hardly working. The two small bedrooms were ugly and one was filled with storage, the other neglected. The main room downstairs was ok. The main living room and kitchen was spacious and very nice. We spent most of the time there. The garden was also beautiful after I cleaned it up."  