 [1] "This was probably the most unique Airbnb experience I've ever had! What a lovely location. Tracy is an incredibly welcoming, open, friendly and creative person. I so enjoyed meeting her, staying at her place and getting to know her. I only wish we'd had more time to spend with her and her two dogs (Rusty & Rosie). Tracy is one of those people that makes you feel better about the world. She's so genuinely kind and nice and cares so much about her guests having a wonderful experience. She gave us so many recommendations, made us breakfast one day, and even took me on a run to the beach with her dogs. My girlfriend and I will always remember the wonderful time we spent with Tracy. Thank you for this wonderful review, it was good to meet you both & I did enjoy our little run. Rosie is missing her hugs !! I am glad you enjoyed staying here at Sandhills x"                                                                                                                                    
 [2] "We found Delenia on a list of 'Top 10 Airbnb's for a Wedding' and it was exactly what my son and his fiancee were looking for. We visited Evia from the UK in May to make arrangements and were fortunate to be able to visit Delenia, Chryssa the host was very helpful in this regard. Our first view of this unique gem was a 'catch your breath moment' and as soon as we began to explore we knew it would be perfect. We returned last week for a 6 day stay with the wedding party of 13 and Delenia lived up to and exceeded our expectations. We were two families, one English, one Lithuanian and we came together in this magical place for a simply wonderful wedding. The staff are unfailingly helpful. Maria and Coulla cooked us a delicious meal every evening at a very reasonable cost and also provided our traditional Greek wedding feast. The food was undoubtedly one of the highlights of stay. The local florist and patisserie in Nea Styra (local ferry port) supplied the flowers and wedding cake. ... <truncated>
 [3] "My girlfriend and I stayed in The Dome during our trip to Huaraz last week and we absolutely LOVED it!! The place is amazing for anyone who wants to wind down, escape the busy city and enjoy nature. The place is about 1h taxi drive away from Huaraz up in the mountains, super close to a lot of areas to hike as the location is 2km away from the park! The host Ian is American and will help you with whatever needed. There is a very cute dog Laika, 2 cats, and 2 super sweet ladies who make you breakfast (incl), lunch and dinner (optional). There is no Wi-Fi or phone connection, only on the 'phone rock'. If you sit on it, you might be lucky and get signal. As said, winding down here is a must. ;) Get used to having candle light dinner again! We really wished we had more time to stay here, it's the best airbnb we have had so far!! Nature, us, and nothing else. One advice if you're visiting, please do ask Ian to book the taxi for you to get there so that you only pay 40S, fixed price. We... <truncated>
 [4] "Rachel n'\xe9tait pas pr\xe9sente, mais son amie Jo nous a bien accueillis et nous a tout montr\xe9 dans l'appartement, ainsi que comment y rentrer. Elle a r\xe9pondu \xe0 toutes nos questions et nous a bien aid\xe9s pour ce qui est des transports en commun. Petit d\xe9faut, l'appartement est situ\xe9 assez loin de tout et il vous faudra pr\xe9voir 30-40 minutes pour vous rendre au centre ville. Autre d\xe9faut : nous avons eu tr\xe8s froid (~ 18-19\xb0C) dans cet appartement et n'avons pu r\xe9gler que la temp\xe9rature du chauffage au sol des toilettes..... I was dismayed and astonished to receive my very first critical review on airbnb from Francois as he did not contact us during his stay to alert us to any issues. In future I will be sure to reach out to guests in the early part of their stay to ensure the are happy and settled in well. Please do check out my over 120 only good reviews I have received prior to this one! We had some clear and polite communication from Francoi... <truncated>
 [5] "READ CAREFULLY: Besides this place being quite nice and well designed, there are some major issues and i wish someone would have informed us. You live and learn and maybe this review gonna help fellow travellers out there to choose wisely.. Me and my 3 friends booked this place for one week. Check in went smooth until Pak (guy who helps with the house) left and we found not a very pleasant visitor in the bathroom - a rat. Having a friend who has proper phobia for these creatures we managed to contact Gael and he dealt with the situation very efficiently. Thanks to that. However day by day we started to notice little details that weren't so little and became super annoying - the top was the wifi situation, and we read that people experienced similar problems, but our wifi disappeared in half of our stay which means 4 full days we couldn't check ABSOLUTELY nothing. Having in mind that you are staying pretty far away from center and need a driver or taxi to get around, also there ar... <truncated>
 [6] "Dear Regina,i would like to clarify with you and with other airbnb travellers, that the Reservation you have made with airbnb with us, went smooth, you had the room you reserved, for the days you reserved, in all the services offer. Regarding the fact that you took your luggage yourself, we like to clarify to airbnb guests, that we dont feel obliged to take the luggage of our guests in their room. Please let me remind you that the Problem started on the day of check out .Infact the day of check out, after breackfast you left your luggage and personal effect in the room without making any reservation and coming back in the evening., its true that the day before you called me by phone and ask something ,but there was a missunderstanding and i didnt get your need of the extra night)... at this point, we have try to help you to find you another accomodation,and purpose you one at 10 minutes walking distance. instead of let you walk yourself, and find the new location yourself, and in... <truncated>
 [7] "The converted rice barn is a lovely place to stay in. Very airy. The pool is beautiful and very nice on a hot day. Ji is a good man and we enjoyed the trekking trip to see and swim in waterfalls very much. Keep in mind that this place is very isolated so the owner does everything they can to increase the price of your stay with add-ons. This is a shame. We decided to get groceries before our arrival in order to not have to buy food from her. When we booked the very expensive driver through her, she offered to have us stop at a supermarket on the way, but this was not communicated to the driver. Neither was our pickup location properly communicated to the driver so we had to walk to a different street with all our luggage. Wifi at the home is also an extra charge if you use too much by accident and as a result we did not receive the email she sent to us while we were staying there. Because we did not want to pay to check our emails, we received no communication from her at all. If... <truncated>
 [8] "Dean was very nice in the beginning but when the problems occur (no internet and washing machine available but it was stated in the description) everything changed and he made a very weak offer. Until now we dont have a solution and no internet and washing machine caused a lot of trouble to us as we were relying on it. The location as such was very nice and you have a perfect view. This is the first issue we have had in our first 12 months of operation. Sten didn't actually contact me until after his departure. His only correspondence was to request a $257 refund. I offered him my sincere apologies and $25 a day for his inconvenience. He refused my offer and has left it in the hands of Airbnb to make a decision. If he had have contacted me during his stay I would have been able to help and rectify any issues he was having. We have the fastest available NBN Satelite internet and wifi in our area and do want all of our guests to have a great time at La Vista and in The Daintree. Be... <truncated>
 [9] "Our stay was pleasant, but there were some issues. First of all, we were greeted and shown around the flat by someone who didn't speak English. Despite the fact that the host knew we were English, and that there were two other people who could have shown us around who spoke English - not a huge problem, but an inconvenience. Secondly we only had 5 minutes maximum of hot water per shower. This was a shock the first time we used it! It should be mentioned on the listing. Thirdly, the WiFi. It wasn't working for the first half of our trip. We chose the place based on its location and because it had WiFi. One of us had work to do when we first got there. This was particularly inconvenient and the hosts were not quick to resolve this issue ( 2 and a half days ). Lastly, the communication. It was terrible. It took the host hours or days to respond to a simple question. One host cancelled four phone calls we attempted to make at great inconvenience to us. We were trying to resolve an im... <truncated>
[10] "Lamentablemente tuve una muy mala experiencia. Yo alquil\xe9 una estad\xeda larga, entonces le ped\xed a los due\xf1os que me dej\xe9n hacer dos viajes. Vino la chica de confianza de ellos, y se rob\xf3 todo lo que yo hab\xeda dejado para llevarme en la segunda vuelta. No puedo recomendarlos. Estuvo todo bien, salvo el \xfaltimo episodio, del cual no se hicieron cargo. Me llevo dos bolsos, aparatos el\xe9ctronicos, cuando hab\xeda avisado que ten\xeda dos viajes que hacer para poder mudar todo. Lamentablemente no esperaron y se llevaron todo. No lo recomiendo para nada por mi muy mala experiencia con esto. Hola Valeria, Your evaluation is biased due to the unfortunate problem you had on check-out. It doesn\xb4t reflect the whole month you enjoyed in the flat. As people can read in the other evaluations, it is the first time ever we have a bad comment from a guest. We have always been respectful with everyone, and if there was a problem, we have done everything to sort it out. Thi... <truncated>
[11] "Our trip started by planning our stay in Marrakech. From the beginning on Fawzy showed his caring nature by encouraging us every step of our journey. Our arrival in Marrakesh was delayed by several hours so that we arrived late in the night, but Fawzy made it a point that he would come to the airport at any time and we were welcomed by him. The Riad Fawzy offers has the most excellent rooftop, which provides an excellent view of the medina to be enjoyed especially at sunset. His countyard is in typical moroccan fashion and we enjoyed several breakfasts with Fawzy. The Riad is in proximity to the core of the city, so we could reach all the famous sights, such as Jamaa el Fna, Palace de Bahia, Medersa Ben Youssef by foot. After we had seen much of Marrakech, Fawzy had another kindness in store: He personally drove us to a beautiful city in the mountains of Atlas from where we could climb to a waterfall. He shared (URL HIDDEN) of his guests with us and we drank the last of many moro... <truncated>
[12] "We hoped to make our son's first visit to NYC a thing to remember. Candice helped us make that happen. She was kind, helpful and entertaining. We loved gathering at the end of our day with her to debrief. It led to some wonderful conversations in which our son participated. Candice was an ideal and kind host. We appreciated getting to know her as she was not distant at all. She even allowed us to eat at the dining table while she sat nearby and conversed with us. Yet she also was respectful of our privacy. The location was a great launching point for our NYC city adventures. And Candice was helpful with tips about restaurants and places to see. We would love to stay here again. We now believe we have a new Friend in Candice."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[13] "My boyfriend and I booked a place in Bushkill falls for the weekend and two days before our trip we had our reservation cancelled due to a septic issue at this property. I was upset thinking out plans were tarnished for the weekend and I wasn't sure if we would be able to book another spot in the area. My boyfriend said to me that sometimes these things happen to us because an ever BETTER experience is waiting for us and he couldn't have been more on point with his statement. After a little looking around I found Farmer Paul's farm and we fell in love instantly. This was such a fun, comfortable, relaxing and HIGHLY unique experience! Farmer Paul and his wife are extremely easy going and are comfortable with you walking about the property on your own accord. The farm has lots of personality between the story the 15 acres of land tells us, all the spunky/crazy/silly/fun animals and of course the farmers themselves. Theres is endless fun to be had on this farm from sitting by the wa... <truncated>
[14] "I left 50 euro although I only had to pay 38 euro the day before I left so he would be able to leave the change for me. To my surprise I did not find any change in the morning. When I called him, he did not answer, nor did he respond to textmessages or email. What if it was urgent and I forgot something important in his house? Only when I send him an offical demand for refund through the website of airbnb he responded. His explanation was that he thought the rest was a tip. I did not write anything about a tip on the note I left with the money. Afterwords he explained me also he was afraid it would cost extra money if he would have answered my calls. I have been to about 15 places with airbnb but this was by far the most surprising behaviour I encountered untill now. Dear Ivan, Thank you for your kind explanation. Indeed you called us. We called you back immediately and also we send you a text message. We never heard anything about you anymore. A week later we received a messaged... <truncated>
[15] "Overall the place was very clean and comfortable even though it had a barbed wire fence around it; gave me the impression of a prison. Irina and her daughter were very nice and on the first day, when we arrived, they took us to the see the Guanacaste waterfalls which was so pretty. On the second day though, things could have been handled a lot better. The plan was to visit the Borinquen mountain resort and spa and Irina\x92s daughter picked us up at 8:00 am as planned. Once in the car, she asked if we had the $300 cash needed for the trip. I said I did not because I was not aware of it. She asked if David had mentioned anything and I said\x85who is David? I told her the only person I have been talking to was her mom and I didn\x92t know who David was. So I asked her if it was ok for me to use my credit card at the resort and she said no; they don\x92t accept credit cards and she insisted I go to a bank and withdraw the $300 needed for the trip. So I spent almost an hour going thr... <truncated>
[16] "Review in English and Spanish (comentarios en ingl\xe9s y espa\xf1ol) Manuel is a SUPER DUPER host!!! You will LOVE this place and Manuel. We were a group of 7 and we thoroughly enjoyed our 2 night stay at Manuel's house; we wish we could've stayed longer. His place is in Santa Marta, which is a town in Varadero, but he provides free transportation to and from the Varadero beach. It was a nice and tranquil respite from the hustle and bustle of Havana and the touristy Varadero strip of hotels. Manuel was by far the best host we had in Cuba. He welcomes you with open arms and fresh coconut water. He also makes the freshest and most refreshing guava juice and his wife makes a killer breakfast consisting of spam, eggs, cheese, toast, pineapple, mango, papaya, hot chocolate and coffee for only $5 CUC!! We spent our first night playing dominoes, drinking and listening to music of our choice at his outdoor bar and pool. He knows both English and Spanish so you won't have any trouble com... <truncated>
[17] "Be ready for last minute changes of the location! Thanks for sharing your feedback of your stay in one of our flats in Athens in Acropolis area and alerting us to this. We are truly sorry you felt differently as we value the opinions of our guests and we apologize that we did not meet your expectations. However we were surprised to hear you complaints about our hospitality and service 3 days after your check in as you should have mentioned that earlier to help with whatever you needed and therefore apologize. Also we don't see any complaint regarding our host obligations as safety, cleanliness and the consistency of the amenities described on the platform. Regarding the communication issue you mentioned please allow me to explain to you that as we are obliged to communicate through the airbnb platform, we never received any response to all the emails that we sent you before your before check in asking about your estimated time of arrival and to arrange key exchange. Also we do no... <truncated>
[18] "A private mountain! Exactly what you want for a secluded desert get-away. Also not a far drive to the main highway with grocery stores etc... Our dog loved hiking around and it was one of the best sunset views we've seen. Definitely will be coming back. Hey Essao! We would like to express our gratitude for your kind words. We are very glad you and your friends had an excellent time here at TCC Ranch! We are glad you were able to forge great memories here. Thank you for bringing your dog, we value his visit as well, for we certainly are a dog-friendly site. Hopefully, we will see the three of you again very soon! You are more than welcome to visit us again! Thanks for the compliment regarding the ranch! We look forward to your return!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[19] "Lisa and Christian's place was absolutely lovely. It was exactly as described and even better. The location was awesome, very close to town and all the beaches. Cannot say enough good things about both Lisa and Christian. Everything that Lisa recommended for us to do--the Bri Bri waterfall, the chocolate tour, and horseback riding were all incredible. Christian was the best guide when taking us to the waterfall. Thank you Lisa and Christian for everything, it was truly a pleasure!!! Thank you for the excellent review, Erin. Your comments show us that we are meeting our goals in serving our guests. We truly love our place and the area - Costa Rica's gorgeous Caribbean coast. It makes us happy when we can share that so well with people like you. And it is gratifying to know we have helped create some lovely memories for you all. We hope to see you again!"                                                                                                                                 
[20] "I've stayed at many Airbnbs and I can say without exception that Lefteris' place is the most magnificent- It truly looks better than the photos which says a lot. You feel like you're in a tv show or movie set- a place that when you're watching makes you say 'places like that don't really exist'. But they do !! A private paradise behind a red metal door on an unassuming street 10 minute walking distance from the Acropolis. Everything was pristine and the place is truly a one of a kind gem. And the area was super- probably 20 great restaurants within a 5 minute walk- we hard a tough time choosing which to visit ! Lefteris was beyond helpful- he offered to show us around town, he left us an iPhone to use for local calls and maps, an iPod for the internet, he brought us a power adapter when we needed one, and he called and texted several times to make sure everything was exactly as we wanted. You could not ask for a better host. 10 out of 10 and then some :)))))) aaa man :) what can ... <truncated>