 [1] "Diana is a very sympathic host. The apartment is well located in very lively streets."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [2] "Very nice apartment, fully furnished and clean. About a 20 minute walk to the downtown area. Lively neighborhood. Excellent service from the landlord (we were picked up at the Metro Station by car, even though it is a short walk). Would recommend this apartment to anyone!!!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [3] "The host canceled my reservation 5 days before arrival. This was the first and only incident we ever had, please read the wonderful reviews we have on our properties. We were looking forward to hosting Kay in our home, unfortunately we had an emergency plumbing situation and we had to cancel. We did everything to assist Kay and Airbnb in rebooking."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [4] "Mink is wonderful! Very tidy and respectful guest (and the resident cats enjoyed her company a lot!). She's welcome back anytime!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Very spacious and comfy apartment with all the necessary amenities one can ask for and in a quiet but convenient neighbourhood. We had a very pleasant say in Toronto and Meredyth is certainly an ideal host!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 [6] "Audrey was a wonderful host (prepared with tons of useful information) and the location of her apartment was ideal. Eclectic and diverse location coupled with accessibility to public transportation make this spot a superb launching pad for a tour of Paris. Audrey's warmth and friendliness and the charming nature of her accommodation really enhanced our stay. I would recommended Audrey to all those looking for a resting spot that guarantees comfort, ease, and charm."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [7] "Jasmine was very helpful and responded quickly. The pictures were an accurate portrayal of the apartment. The place was spacious and clean for a NY apartment. Transportation was easy to get to and the express trains made it very quick to get to the heart of Manhattan. While the area was safe at times it did make us feel a little uneasy as it is the Bronx."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [8] "Eric & Isabelle were fabulous guests, thoughtful and considerate and reliable. Would welcome them back every time and hope that they find time to come back to SF. They clearly love to travel and there's so much to see so I wish them the very best and safe, adventurous travels."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "We could not have had a better place to stay at for our first visit to Paris! The flat is close to both the 5 and 7 metro lines, which take you ANYWHERE you need to go with ease. We arrived via Eurostar and paid about 10 euro later at night to get a taxi to the flat -- easy! There are loads of maps and guides in the house so you can easily plan when you arrive. Audrey left us with helpful hints and helped us orient ourselves. My mom and I would say the flat is roomier than the pictures show! Getting a full-size shower and a large kitchen area for breakfast at this price is a steal! I will certainly stay with Audrey the next time I'm in Paris!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "We loved Nob Hill and this accommodation was right in the middle of it! Very convenient to walk to the streetcar and many of the nearby restaurants are delicious. Very kind and considerate hostess and very unique and superbly maintained craftsman style house. We truly enjoyed our stay, but did wish there was a lock on the bedroom door to further secure our belongings while we were out."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[11] "Martha was a wonderful host! Her apartment was very clean, cute and comfortable. Our private room was airy and spacious and looked out onto a flowery back courtyard. The place is also in a great location...close to lots of great Williamsburg\x92s eateries and the L and J subway lines. Martha provided us with maps and tour books and was there to answer any questions and offer advice on NYC must-sees. It was the perfect place for us to use as a home base as we explored the city. I\x92d stay there again anytime!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[12] "My wife and I thouroughly enjoyed staying at Adela's. The unit is so close to all which N.Y. has to offer. Upon our early arrival Adela was kind enough to allow us the use of her appartment for the storing of cases so we could go touring with peace of mind. I highly recommend Adela's accommodation not just for its location but its cleanliness as well as the doormen who were extremely helpful (once the could understand my Australian accent) and very good at giving directions. Our only regret is that we didn't get to meet our wonderful hostess."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[13] "I had the pleasure of hosting Michele for one week during his stay in Nice. Michele is welcome back any time."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[14] "Dave was an excellent guest! No hesitation to have him back again."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[15] "The host failed to mention that this place was at the top of 8 flights of stairs, with no elevator. After hiking this with a heavy piece of luggage, we were exhausted. The place had plumbing issues, and no blankets. I informed the host, but they never corrected any of the issues. I do not think I would stay here again."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[16] "Great location with a true feeling of the local area. Very close to the Metro and bus stops making travel into central Paris quite easy. Really enjoyed the local markets, shops, and restaurants. Also nice to have an elevator up to this 5th floor flat. Enjoyed the small balcony and views up and down the street. A cute flat with the kitchen having been updated with new appliances which work quite well. The rest of the flat was functional but the bed and couch could be a bit more comfortable (especially for a taller person such as myself). Dominique and Roger were very easy to work with on an early arrival. Would stay again!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[17] "My wonderful husband and I stayed at Adela's place for three nights, and we loved it. The place was cozy, super clean, and met our needs. We didn't encounter any conflicts with any of the neighbors either. Everyone in the building was nice. The place has a large living room with a couch and flat screen TV. The kitchen and bathroom aren't too big, but good enough for one or two people. The bed in the bedroom was very comfortable. There is also working Wi-Fi with a broadband connection. Adela is very nice and accommodating. On our last day, our flight didn't leave until the evening, but we had to checkout by noon because the next guest was arriving in the afternoon. Having no place to leave our bags until the evening, Adela allowed us to leave our bags at her sister's place. We were very grateful that she went out of her way to make that happen. We really felt like we were at home, and we would definitely consider staying at her place again if we ever go back to New York."         
[18] "Sara was warm and welcoming. We were very comfortable in this apartment. The location was outstanding, within walking distance of Haight-Ashbury, nice stores and restaurants, and right on the MUNI train line. Luck was on our side to find Sara and her rental."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[19] "I stayed at an apartment on Croce Rossa that was apparently a part of the Mergellina B&B. The apartment itself was very nice...great layout, very clean, very comfortable bed, nice stereo and TV (which I assumed worked though I never did use it). The apartment was a 5-minute walk from the subway and in a great neighborhood. What I liked most about the neighborhood was the fact that it was very (URL HIDDEN) tourists...just regular people talking to each other in the streets...nice little neighborhood shops nearby. There were however a few areas for improvement. The shower was clogged the entire time and the stove and oven did not appear to work. (The stove was a gas stove so I should have been able to see gas come on immediately, but I did not.) One day I had bought a bunch of prepared food with the intention of heating it up and eating it in the apartment but alas I had to eat it cold. I think it would be helpful to give guests a better understanding about the apartment and its lo... <truncated>
[20] "Viviane was not a guest I'd like to see return. She was one of our first guests, when the apartment was woefully underpriced, but complained about a few days when internet installation was delayed. She was difficult and unpleasant in communications, possibly the only guest who has ever come across that way. I didn't care for her attitude. It\x92s interesting that Sara took 16 months after my stay to write such a bad review of me when we in fact never met in person or spoke via email during my stay. She lives in Mexico and was new at Airbnb as a host. My only issue with the place, which I discussed with her before my arrival, was in regards to her changing my check in time. It said from 9am in her add, I booked it and got confirmation and months later she wanted to hand me the keys at night only, 12 hours after my plane landed, which she knew of. We resolved the issue and we were cool about it but apparently Sara thinks she undercharged me so arranging a simple check in alternativ... <truncated>