 [1] "I stayed at William's beautiful penthouse with some of my family members. We were delighted with the accommodation which has a lovely light and airy feel to it. The beds were amazingly comfortable and although the sofas in the lounge were not so as they are sofa beds, we were very comfortable relaxing in various ways. Located just a few moments walk away from the beautiful sandy beach of Swanage Bay. Each morning I took a short 10 minute walk via the promenade into the quaint town to buy amazing fresh bread and croissants for breakfast from the superb little Haynans bakery (8 Institute Way). William was a great host, communicated well and timely right from my initial enquiry, throughout the booking process and during our stay. I can't recommend William's penthouse enough - it's the perfect space to share with family and friends alike. In the few days since being home, I have deliberated over dates to return in 2017 and am delighted to be visiting again not once but twice! Well do... <truncated>
 [2] "I had a really wonderful stay in the lovely Shed of Wisteria this summer (for two months from July - September), and would highly recommend anyone to stay at Ali's, here or in her beautiful house! Ali is incredibly kind and friendly, and I really enjoyed our chats whenever we met in the house, especially about travelling - Ali is such a warm, interesting person! She is also very efficient and helpful as a host, responding quickly to any enquiries, whilst being beautifully relaxed and easy going at the same time. The Shed of Wisteria is absolutely charming; very warm, homely and quirkily decorated, (as is the house too) and I loved staying there! The house is also in a great location - only a 10 minute walk from West Norwood and the station, and good connections to London Victoria, London Bridge and popular local places e.g. Brixton . I felt completely at home at Ali's from the start, and will always have very fond memories of my stay here - thank you so much Ali for everything! :... <truncated>
 [3] "Tucked away in a peaceful spot away from the hustle and bustle of modern life, the hen house really is a complete escape. Such a beautiful location. From the free range chickens to the wonderful fig tree oozing fruit, it was wonderful to just spend time here, soaking up the surroundings. The hen house itself was huge! Lovely and roomy, really stylish interior with personal and thoughtful touches everywhere. We were well and truly looked after by Nicki and Johnnie. Such lovely, interesting people. We were made to feel incredibly welcome, almost as if we were their first ever guests. The homemade bread and flapjacks were very much appreciated as well as apple juice, milk etc in the fridge. Johnnie also gave us beetroot and mint from his veg patch. Delicious! Thank you for a brilliant stay - two nights felt like a whole week. We hope to be back. It was lovely to meet you all and thank you for your great comments. So pleased you enjoyed your stay here and hope we may see you again, y... <truncated>
 [4] "I spent 4 nights at Studio Topaz in Budapest, the location is super!! Very central, very close to night life area, restaurants and bars and at the same time located in a very quiet street! So you can relax, sleep well at night and go out to enjoy the city very easily, everything you need and you want to see is walkable distance! The Studio apartment is perfect, clean, very basic and well furnished at the same time. Bed is comfortable, two nice sofas to relax a nice bathtub and a useful kitchenette to prepare something! The communication with Ora is very smooth and fast and she is very helpful! I stay there with my friend and we had a nice holiday! Thank you Cristian. Glad you had a good time and thank for the update about the additional guest you had. Keep enjoying your travel around the world!"                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [5] "WOW! Where to start?! Firstly, if you want to live like a celeb or millionaire, with not only stunning views, but total luxury and in a superb area, 15 mins from 2 lovely beaches, surrounded by classy buildings and a short taxi ride to many restaurants and cool things to do, this is the place for you. The house is amazing, across 2 floors which easily fits 8 people, the rooms are classy and large, the view across the sea will stay with me forever and sunsets are like something from a post card! Some friends even saw whales! If you haven't been to Cape Town, get on a flight now and visit, you'll need months or years to do everything, food is out of this world and an adventure around every corner. Kristin's house is ideal as a hub and would suit friends who would want to chill out, or people who like to turn things up... Kristin was brill on the emails, replying quickly, answering any questions, always being positive and eager to help. She also helped sending a 'what to do in Cape ... <truncated>
 [6] "We had a wonderful time in Castellammare and in Erika's beautiful house. First to the apartment: For us it was the perfect place to stay for our holiday. It is really beautiful und looks just like on the pictures. It's beautifully decorated with a lot of cute details. The interior is modern but traditional at the same time, which suits perfectly to the pittoresque atmosphere of Castellammare. There is also a beautiful balcony where you can have breakfast or a glass of wine. :) And the place is also quite spacious - actually it's not an apartment, but a whole house! The place is directly located in the historical center of the town and in a very quiet street, but within 30 seconds walking you are right in the middle of everything! The neighbourhood seems to be mainly inhabited by locals, which we personally enjoyed very much. Also, there were always enough free parking space around the corner or even in front of the house. Erika and her mother gave us a ZTL-card for the car which ... <truncated>
 [7] "Fiona and David are not only superhosts, they are super guests. Experienced world travelers, avid walkers, and self proclaimed foodies they are both genuinely warm, friendly, and fun to be around. Within a week\x92s time they conquered Manhattan, taking in the sights from Harlem all the way down to the bridges: they strolled down the museum mile, a 10 minute walk away, and made sure to put their walking shoes to use with visits to major neighborhoods like Little Italy, Chinatown, Soho and the Village, even finding time to visit an old friend also \x93airbnbing\x94 in Harlem. Beyond their enthusiasm for exploration, it is very clear they also both share a passion for life, each other, and people, which we, as family, had the joy of experiencing during an engaging conversation over wine. It was a wonderful exchange of personal (URL HIDDEN) culture, and laughs, a light and brief reflection on, amongst other topics, our thoughts on the advent of the sharing economy, and our participa... <truncated>
 [8] "This place is so beautiful. The area is exactly what were looking for in our stay on Maui. The home creates a great feel of what it would be like to be a local here in Maui. We were looking for something away from the normal touristy spots and we found the perfect place with this home. The surrounding area makes you feel like you're in a tropical rain forest because of all the beautiful trees and plants that surround the home. All of which can be enjoyed from the balcony which also has a great view of the ocean in the distance. When we were here almost all of our time was spent out on the balcony. At nights you get a great view of the stars on clear nights. The nights that it rained was just as great. The home is located close to Paia which is great for local spots to eat and shop. Patrick was extremely friendly in his communication back and forth. He responded quickly to any questions that came up and we ended up staying an extra night because we loved the place so much. He made... <truncated>
 [9] "We stayed at the Design Beach House for six nights during September 2016 and had a wonderful time. Rosa was an excellent host. She went above and beyond in answering our general questions regarding traveling to Ecuador and offered us lots of suggestions for places to stay in Quito and interesting things to see. We rented a car and drove from Quito to Same.. We were pretty wiped out when we arrived but it was a real pleasure to have a meal waiting for us, which was prepared by Delores, the resident housekeeper, and sometimes cook. We enjoyed a delicious ceviche, fried chicken, rice and lentil beans. After our meal, Delores accompanied us to the locale store to pick up supplies for the trip. The house is located in a gated community called Casablanca. From what I can tell, Casablanca makes up about 95% of Same. The grocery store, a couple of restaurants, a golf course and tennis courts are located within the community which is made up of upscale homes perched on the hill, a large m... <truncated>
[10] "We had a fantastic weekend and really warm welcome, the arrival gifts were much appreciated and very tasty! The Hen House is a perfect place to relax, and the local area is very peaceful. We enjoyed local walks, jogging and a trip to the Swan which was also very nice, but relaxing in the hen house and playing the piano was our favourite part of our stay. Nicki and Johnny were the perfect hosts, they made us feel very welcome, and it was clear that if we needed anything they would be happy to help. We have already recommended to several friends and colleagues and will ourselves return. Thank you Nicki and Johnny. Thank you for your great review and so pleased you enjoyed your stay here. Hope to see you both again sometime, you'd be most welcome."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[11] "We had such a relaxing time at Michael's comfy homey house. We met Michael only in passing as he was going out of town, though it took only those few minutes to know he is a kind, interesting, and generous host who'd be fun to get to know better. Sitting on a big couch in the large enclosed sun room drinking coffee and looking at the boats under the bridge was a perfect way to view Seattle! And we slept longer and better in the quiet bedroom than we have in a long time. The neighborhood is great, right near the water and lovely homes of Wallingford making for super pleasant walks. Great value and experience. Thanks for everything Michael, hope all your travels go well! Wow! Thank you for the review! Very beautifully written! Wish I could have been there to get to know you two as well."                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[12] "This trip was amazing! The house was absolutely beautiful with amazing views of the ocean and a very warm authentic Mexican feel to it. The open air concept it refreshing and relaxing. Not to mention the relaxation of the pool. Carmen and Fidel were fantastic! Carmen was very sweet and also very accommodating. Her cooking was fantastic! So very delicious. Fidel was very knowledgable of things to do during our stay, suggesting an amazing restaurant on the beach and a breathtakingly beautiful beach to visit. That was probably one of our favorite days. :) They were a very sweet and friendly couple. I would absolutely recommend staying at Casa Coco. It was an experience if a lifetime. Thank you, Marge for being so easy to communicate with and for allowing us the opportunity to enjoy your beautiful home. Thanks Jennifer. Being an old nurse I could relate to what you all needed away from the stresses of your job ---some good old fashioned R&R coupled with some good food, fun, and wine:... <truncated>
[13] "Our host was wonderful. Patric treated us for a drink right upon our arrival at the Improvisto Bar next-door to the apartment. He followed up with a thorough email that lists all the cool places to go to including bars and restaurants. We prepared our own breakfasts in the apartment, which has a great coffee maker and the best thing of it all, you can drink the tap water! What a relief from from US tap Chlorox. The apartment itself is located literally a cat's leap away from the beautiful beach of Carvoeiro, which is in the center of all the emblematic beaches of the Algarve's coast. We had a rental car and we could easily access these incredible beaches within a 20 minute drive. The lovely beach town of Carvoeiro offers already everything that you would ever want from your South Portugal vacation. Halfway through our stay Patric invited us to this awesome traditional little restaurant in a small village where we had the best jumbo shrimp that you can imagine. Two thumbs up for t... <truncated>
[14] "We had an amazing stay in Marlene\xb4s and Dick\xb4s wonderful, beautiful and comfortable home. We enjoyed every minute of it! Marlene took great care of us by offering snacks, a perfect breakfast, a very comfortable room and a very welcoming, warm atmosphere. We had a really great time chatting with Marlene and Dick and using the hot bathtub in the beautiful garden. We couldn\xb4t wish for more! Thank you so much! Ladies, we hope you had a wonderful trip to Boston after you left the cape and a comfortable trip home. We enjoyed your visit and one day perhaps we'll be able to meet again. Best wishes, Marlene and Dick"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[15] "I always return with great pleasure in the beautiful Corinne apartment. It is incredibly beautiful and well located in the heart of the Marais and close to the Ile Saint-Louis that I love. I particularly appreciate the flowers and trees in the garden. Very clean, very cozy, full of guides to Paris to do all kinds of activities. Corinne gives me his good plans, good places, she loves her city. I work in the patio which gives an impression of Italy or in the large living room full of light, it's really nice. As for Corinne, it's great, generous, joyful! I got a very nice home with small gifts as usual: wine, bread and pie! I will return for sure, thank you thank you Corinne!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[16] "We were extremely pleased and glad that we got a chance to meet Bonnie and to stay at her wonderful house. The place looks better than the photos. The house is beautiful, cosy and very homely. The view was simply fantastic. You really have to be there to appreciate it. The decor was very nice and bed was very comfortable and warm too. We had everything we needed. The location of her place is excellent. The east entrance is about 30mins from her place and the drive in was actually very scenic. We even spotted Grizzly bears, deers and goats on the drive out. Cody town is about 25mins away and is a nice rustic place to explore on its own. You can buy your groceries and souveniers there conveniently. There are many restaurants there including a Japanese restaurant. Bonnie was very warm, welcoming and approachable. She made us feel very comfortable and it felt like returning home rather than a house. She was there to greet us in the morning and when we come back from the day out, with... <truncated>
[17] "We came for a few days of escape from life in London: the hen house is an absolute treasure of a place that gave us everything we were looking for. If you want to unwind, de-stress and enjoy the simple pleasures of being surrounded by peaceful countryside, then this unique and charming bolt hole is the perfect spot. Nicki and Johnnie are superb hosts who offered a wonderfully warm welcome and made us feel very much at home as soon as we arrived. They have created a beautifully-designed and well-equipped sanctuary where we were incredibly comfortable. The lovely big bed, vases of wildflowers and fluffy white bath towels all added to a feeling of being very well looked after on our country retreat. The fresh eggs, bread and homemade flapjacks were very welcome touches - we demolished the lot! We loved settling down in front of the log burner, playing games and enjoying the peace, but there are also beautiful fields, lanes and woodland to explore as soon as you step out of the door.... <truncated>
[18] "I LOVED staying here. Carol was super communicative and the place was easy to find. Got to stay in the Ranch House rather than the Bunk House. It was super comfortable. Got a very enthusiastic welcome from Scrappy and played fetch throughout the vitis. Very good WiFi, kitchen is stocked with all the needed utensils and cooking implements. Road to the ranch is well kept and it was easy to find, even in the dark. The Ranch House is well designed and would be great for a small family gathering or vacation. Also a great place to just get away! No cell service for me, which was a even bigger bonus. Peeked in the Bunk House and it's super cute and perfect for a single person looking to get out into the country. Saw deer on the road to the ranch multiple times. Beautiful views, I would stay again in a heart beat."                                                                                                                                                                                
[19] "My girlfriend and I had the most amazing stay with Charline over the weekend for our anniversary! The flat is BEAUTIFUL! You open the door to stunning white wooden floors and it leads into a lovely living space that's super bright, clean and open plan. The divider into the bedroom looked SO cool (very Instagram / Pinterest) and it was super nice to just be able to hop into the kitchen and make a coffee while the other stays in bed. Great bathroom too and had no issues there (just bring shower gel etc!) Lovely attention to detail throughout the apartment and I felt it embodies everything Airbnb is - we were living in someone's home and not just a soulless hotel. It was perfect! We are in our early twenties and we found that the area was good for us - it was a safe and cool neighbourhood without the madness of the city centre, but still close enough to get around and to wherever you wanted. Would recommend Third Eye Coffee opposite the flat for a wicked flat white and Martha's rest... <truncated>
[20] "What pleasant people! Jon and Yara were so personable. They are fun and easygoing. They have great senses of humor and were excellent guests. They were both clean and took good care of the place. They were fun to talk to. Jon has a great sense of humor and Yara is a warm and wonderful person. I hope they return. I really enjoyed meeting them. They have interesting stories of their travels and experiences and are so sweet and friendly. Thanks for the kind words Janet. We both had a Great Time staying at your kool place in Pawling!"  