 [1] "It was a great experience having Chandra Shah at our place. He has got greater world view and has been very open minded and understanding. He shared lots of his own life and family experiences which made us feel trustworthiness. He was independent and enjoyed our meals which made us feel satisfied. He loved having conversations with each and everyone at home which was very kind of him. He even kept us informed with any changes in regards to his visit. We would love to have him again at our residence."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 [2] "The host canceled my reservation 27 days before arrival."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [3] "Fernando and Veronica are outstanding guests and I'm delighted to have had a chance to meet them. They're very cheerful and excited about what they're doing. They were easy going, respectful of the apartment and very kind in all out interactions. I ran into them in a coffee shop in SF and it was nice to get a chance to get to know them a tiny bit. If they cross your path, consider yourself fortunate, they're a terrific pair."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 [4] "Thanks for the warm hospitality. I had a wonderful time with Rudy and his family. Everything was very clean and tidy, and has good access to public transportation. It was a perfect place to look around the city and the university. I felt very comfortable staying here, and would definitely recommend this beautiful house to everybody. Thanks again. Best regards, Shinji"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 [5] "Janelle was a wonderful host. She let my parents and little sister have their space and they felt they could completely relax. She provided tooth brushes and other little helpful things which was greatly appreciated."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 [6] "Hospitable people, however, having a room opposite a common bathroom used by a few, the disturbance during the night was not pleasant. The room has no air conditioning or fans. Windows have to be opened, and mosquitos abound! Transport from and to the airport R500 per trip!! All and all. I would most certainly not recommend this facility. Sorry!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 [7] "It could be a better experience..."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 [8] "It was a pleasure having Fernando stay at our studio. We wish them all the best for the ongoing trip!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 [9] "Great Apartment to live in, lov the environment, just spend 7 days in NY, and thank you Janelle, wish we'd be there again."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[10] "The quintessential upper west side experience. Staying at Aimee's makes you feel like a New Yorker. A better location could not be found, including being steps away from the cross town bus. A one bdrm has so many advantages over a studio and/or hotel room. So nice to take a late aftternoon break from sightseeing in \"our apartment\" (have wine and cheese, check e-mails, catch sports scores, nap etc.) then head back out for the evening. We have been home for 2 days and have already recommended Aimee's place to friends and family!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[11] "John was a great guest. Quite and courteous."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[12] "Sara was a great host. She was easy to deal with and was able to give us advice about our stay in New York. We loved the accommodation for the price (very affordable) and the location was totally amazing! I can't believe how lucky we were to get right in the heart of Times Square. Thanks again Sara, we loved our stay and look forward to coming back."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[13] "We enjoyed staying at this place for a week. It was a nice, clean and comfortable apartment with a pretty view. The surrounding was safe with restaurants, bars and shops nearby. We'll come back. Hot tip: a nice place not far away for a drink or a meal: Quigley's, New York Grill."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[14] "I sincerely enjoyed hosting Monica. She is so down to earth, very quiet, clean and considerate, not to mention, super sweet and beautiful, inside and out. I enjoyed our conversations and really loved that she ventured out into my neighborhood and told me some great things in my area even I didn't know about. I look forward to hosting and visiting her in the future. Also, if you are ever in NYC, you should definitely book her place, it's so nice and she will be a great host :)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[15] "Edgar and Jiraphon were wonderful guests. They were very friendly, seemed to have a good time during their visit, saw Oprah but didn't bring her back to the apartment, and left the place as clean as when they arrived."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[16] "Seth and Michelle were absolutely great and helpful hosts and the room was fine. By complete coincidence, I booked a room in Miami attending an event that Seth helped organizing..thank you for all your help Seth!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
[17] "We stayed at Sara's \"City & Sunset Views! 1BR\". We were originally supposed to stay in another appartment, but as that one fell through she offered us an even better appartment for the same price. The appartment was nice and spacious. It was big enough for three people, a big bed and a sofa bed. A lot of the time we actually stayed in and cooked dinner which was not a problem in that kitchen. The only problem we had was with the wifi-connection, it shut down from time to time, but always worked once you rebooted the router. Sara was a very helpful host, sending you an information letter in advance with information about the appartment and neighborhood. When the aerobed broke she actually bought a new one and had it delievered at the door as soon as she found out. Would highly recommend it!"                                                                                                                                                                                               
[18] "Katy was a great guests. The communication was easy, prompt, and clear. She and her guests left my house in excellent condition. I would definitely recommend entrusting her your rental property."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
[19] "Yasmine was a fantastic guest, she left the room exactly as she found it. She was very excited to visit Miami and I truly enjoyed being her first airbnb host. She is as sweet as the day is long and has the best stories of her airbnb adventures. I look forward to visiting her place in NYC and she, of course, is always welcomed back to my place."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
[20] "michelle and seth were most patient with me. my plane got delayed and they waited up for me till 2 am. I apologize and I am thankful for your accommodation."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
[21] "Had a wonderful time at Dominique's apartment. It is located in a beautiful and authentic part of the city. Just up the street from a lively market street, and right across the road is a lovely organic bakery. The apartment is perfectly sized, definitely not too small, we cooked everyday in the kitchen. It is close to two metro lines, that easily take you to all the sites. We had a wonderful time in Paris and would recommend this apartment to any friends thinking of going."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[22] "The apartment was great. Brilliant location for the G and L trains. Also plenty going on in and around Williamsburg. The apartment is well furnished and there is internet access which can be handy for checking out events. Price was good for what you got. Also really easy to collect keys."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
[23] "I stayed in the West 84th Street Brownstone. Everything was perfectly clean and comfortable. There wasn't a great deal of street noise. Sara was extremely helpful and efficient. Everything worked as it should. The location was excellent. However there was no air-con that I could see. I arrived at the beginning of April when NYC had record breaking high temps. for that time of year. There was a fan, but things were a bit sticky. I couldn't help thinking that it wouldn't be pleasant in high summer."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
[24] "We just came back from staying at \"City & Sunset Views\". Great clean and spacious apartment in a great location. There were 3 of us and heaps of space. No problems at all. Highly recommended!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
[25] "This place was great and comfortable. Location was really close to the L&G trains! I believe the price we paid was great and the apartment was more than we expected though these was a werid smell to the apartment as it is above a chinese take away. But we enjoyed our stay, no problems really! thanks."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[26] "Lise is absolutely charming. Respectful, I highly recommend this guest."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[27] "Patricia is charming & fun! I'd love to have her back any time."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[28] "The Escaliers de Montmartre flat was beautiful. Very clean bright and well located in the quiet side of Montmartre, but with many great shops and restaurants nearby and well as a Metro station about 2 blocks away. There is a great view of the city from the little balcony. Dominique was a very helpful and accomodating host and I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[29] "We were caught up in the volcanic ash saga.Sara and her team looked after us admirably during a very stressful time.We stayed in 2 apartments on West 85th St.Both were excellent and in a perfect location for all amenities and particularly Central Park.Highly recommended."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
[30] "The location is perfect, in a very safe development above the East Village, where there is a huge range of interesting shops, bars and restaurants. The apartment was clean and spacious, and couldn't have asked for more. Sara herself was extremely helpful, organised, and generally very nice indeed: she responded to my request within 10 minutes, and was always on hand to take phone calls or emails. I would highly recommend staying at any of Sara's apartments: I will be next time I'm in NYC."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
[31] "Sally and Kevin were like ghosts, arriving, running, leaving barely a shadow behind. We just hope they had a nice stay and will come again!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
[32] "Daniel and Bea were great quests. They were very friendly and considerate. I appreciated how they removed their shoes upon entering my apartment. They were very sweet and I enjoyed our little chats. I would definitely welcome them into my home again."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[33] "Easy-going guy, cool deco-d spacious apartment with big beds! Lots of mirrors & hair products to keep everyone happy :D (convenient much to live with a hairdresser?!) Patrick was heaps nice. Can do your own thing or go out together- 5mins away from the very popular, very authentic, very tasty 'Joe's Dumplings'. Also, conveniently located next to main metros, all-the-shopping-you-can-do & other cool hangouts like \"Smile\"."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
[34] "Love them! They are both such fabulous people. Not only do I recommend them but I also welcome them to my place anytime they're in DC. Wonderful conversation and beautiful energy! :-)"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
[35] "I would just like to start off by saying New York was life changing. My co-worker and I were traveling to attend a color class for REDKEN. Our first house plans fell through super last minute, and after scrambling to find accomodations for our 8 day stay. We found Patrick.. a fellow hairdresser and fabulous photographer. Automatically felt connected. We arrived and were pleasantly surprised by how gracious he was. He told us all the hot spots and even acted as our tour guide a few nights. He was respectful of our space and the other guests were awesome as well. I highly suggest staying on Canal and Lafeyette in Patrick's Loft. Its close to the subway that heads midtown right into Grand Central Station for the touristy stuff and walking distance away from West Village AND in the heart of Chinatown. We are definitely staying with Patrick again!!!"                                                                                                                                         
[36] "Patrick was a very welcoming and relaxed host and he has a truly unique space that's really well located. He went the extra mile to help us out, even lending us a spare laptop. One other thing - my wife took advantage of his haircutting expertise and was very pleased with the result, so if you want great hair for Manhattan, see if he's got time to fit you in. Recommended."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
[37] "Thanks Patrick for a place to rest the head. Patrick is very personable and someone who is very comfortable with myriads of different people who grace his humble abode. I think this is a great thing for him to do based on his personality and his laid back attitude. I also take my hat off to him for the challenges he is facing starting up his new (URL HIDDEN) NYC, the place that never sleeps and costs alot to live in. He has his own style. Patrick discussed his ideas about what he wanted to do with the place and I think his plans will make a big difference to the privacy factor and also organization for when people stay. His place is unusual and unique. The bathroom is functional, but would be very hard to keep clean with multiple people there. The kitchen was non-descript and needed regular cleaning up as it was so small but eating out is really the focus staying in NYC, so not a huge problem for guests- however it might be a nice touch for him to provide tea/coffee/milk as a cou... <truncated>
[38] "Interesting and fun! Maggi felt at home here, and we love it when our guests do so. Very tidy and respectful, excellent guest."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
[39] "Stephen and Bonnie keep a large and clean apartment in very handy neighbourhood. An easy recommendation."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
[40] "Very accommodating and great host! I highly recommend him. I would definitely stay with him again on my trips to New York." 